Add link to security policy from getenv.md (#1746)
gohugoio/hugoDocs: content/en/functions/getenv.md

{{ os.Getenv "MY_VAR1" }} --> foo
{{ os.Getenv "MY_VAR2" }} --> bar
```

> Note that starting with Hugo version 0.91.0, you must explicitly enable access to environmental variables. For details, see the getenv example in [Security Policy](/about/security-model/#security-policy).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With Hugo v0.91.0 and later, you must explicitly allow access to environment variables. For details, review [Hugo's Security Policy](/about/security-model/#security-policy). By default, environment variables beginning with `HUGO_` are allowed when using the `os.Getenv` function.
```
